# SBSPS-Challenge-9669-Digital-Payments-Book
Digital Payments Book

Digital payments book will be a life-saving tool for both customers and shop owners. The biggest benefit of Digital payments bank is that it increases the level of security. Basically in a Digital payments book, users can register for an account, log in using their credentials, view their purchase history, view any pending payments, and contact the store with any questions or complaints by using the contact us feature. The administrator will keep track of information regarding customer purchases and has access to payment information as well as pending payments. Customers will receive notifications from admin if any payments are overdue or have been waiting for a while. 
Our payments book will have a few other distinctive elements, though. The administrator or shop owner can keep an eye on the number of goods and even manage their price and volume. The payments book will also include a function that will provide a total record of the goods bought and the money received in one day at the end of the day. This will solve the shop owner’s accounting problem as he will not have to keep a record of every item sold from his shop. Customers will be able to order products from the comfort of their own homes, and those orders will be made ready by the owner in 15 minutes or less. A function for tracking the stores' weekly and monthly sales in the form of graphs and sales income will also be available in the payments book.
The payments book will make shopping very easy as customers will be able to pay their bills in just one click. The payments book will have a specific section for the daily purchases of the customers and the invoice of each bill will be shared with their registered email-id.

OUR LIVE LINK TO THE WEBSITE
https://feesmanager.000webhostapp.com/
